[Music]
on an island off the coast of Scotland
something was summoned from the depths
of hell
[Applause]
something that would end mankind usurp
things he worried about to do show up
yes
you did
we face every birth there is and yet you
take me in
hello son made me a goddamn weapon
where's my [ __ ] buyer there
mr. Loeb ladies and gentlemen out there
there's a fifth-century sorceress who
want to bring down the curtain on London
and the world
great homework
why do you fight for those who hates and
fear you
you were meant for this
out of the ashes
okay I'd appreciate a prophecy with more
relatable stakes heaven we got to be
saving the world or something yeah okay
let's get you in for a song
yeah come on let's do this
[Music]
be my key
[Applause]
belong together human time
we do but it's not gonna work you know
cuz I'm a Capricorn and your [ __ ]
[Music]
why didn't you make me do that look at
me focus on my voice I'm not giving up
on you team she was my friend you're my
family James no matter what
look
you're special gene
and if you start fighting that force
inside you
whew Grayson
he will possess the very power of a God
she'll kill us all tell me how we fix
this trough tell me what to do now don't
know what to do
what they don't understand
they fear and what they fear we seek to
destroy
it's your fault Charles I try to protect
her
I'm scared
when I lose control bad things happen to
people I punch the girl dies she's still
Jean we can still help her
sometimes you want to believe people as
something that they are not
by the time you realize who they are
it's too late
she's coming
[Music]
so there I was woke up with a heavy case
of amnesia in the middle of nowhere the
only clue to my past is Harry's name and
address inside this hat so I made my way
to be apartment and that's when I found
you make your stay put gonna loosen a
shoe so you're tucking Pikachu with no
memories is addicted to caffeine I could
stop whatever I want these are just
choices another round extra shot
I don't know maybe hair got in too deep
and mixed up the wrong crowd that kind
of thing you can talk to humans and I
can talk to Pokemon and if you want to
find your pops we're gonna need you no I
don't need a Pokemon what about a
world-class detective Harry is still
alive
case closed but still open until I solve
it all right here it is
Harry faked his own death or somebody
else faked Harry's death Harry
fake somebody else's dead that last one
doesn't work
[Music]
[Applause]
now obviously I've dealt with this pups
before so I'll just do it again hey bud
what are you doing I can't do when
people are watching
[Music]
that's a twist that's very twisty
no he's barely moving don't tell him
that
oh he's on a bike quick get in front of
him stop Oh No
he's going down hard Tim should have
worn a helmet what they walk he's asking
what you want I wasn't here in ten
minutes right shoot you in the face and
then hang up don't he wants you here in
10 minutes or he shoots me in the face
was he surprised when they sound
surprised an American with the machine
gun has taken over created bunker
there's a bunker shot she's obviously
got a muscle cramp or something in her
banana we will let the ladies go when
it's over in one moment 1 million u.s.
dollars in a Mustang 302 like Steve
McQueen had and boy disable the cameras
you think I shouldn't have you done this
before
[Music]
the girls have they been harmed yes
why would they say that cops lie to get
what they want all of Sweden would like
to know what is it like being stuck in
there with those criminals it's not too
bad
he let me call you didn't have to you
and yours will survive and I can go home
you're unbelievably brave would you
trust them more than we trust our police
if they want our help they need to show
us some status the police comes in list
of shooting he will shoot
okay I gotta kill some boss he's like a
child
remember the Alamo
[Music]
you